Changes between release 1.9.17 and 1.9.18

r673
first check-in for 1.9.18

r674
WH: update of the documentation (equation conversion)

r675
WH: update of the documentation (unicode input)

r676
Infrastructure changes to support stylesheets.  Modify
CmdStartParagraph() to take two parameters (paragraph style and
indenting).  Create style numbers in funct1.h for the different possible
paragraph styles and use these as appropriate. No changes to translation
or conversion have been made.

r677
Eliminate the numbers in favor of passing strings.  This will allow
InsertStyle() to be called directly when the time comes to hook up these
parameters.  I had forgotten about the existing style infrastructure in
style.c and style.h.

r678
WH: updated main.c to include "help" text for -M32

r679
Support for list environments from paralist package.  While implementing
this I noticed that some nested list environments were broken.  While
tracing the problems, I discovered that an old optimization was broken. 
I have taken it out and everything still seems to work fine.

r680
Mention that there is some support for paralist

r681
Add compactitem and compactdesc environment handling. Like the rest of
paralist, there has been no attempt to reduce the line spacing.

r682
Add a few more test cases for paralist environments to list.tex

r683
Started to improve tabular widths.  Then realized that global variables
for the tabular environment were used oddly.  Further investigation
revealed that the global variable could be removed completely if the
active column was placed in the TabularT type.  So I did this, and then
needed to comment out some usage in funct1.c and convert.c.  Evidently,
that stuff was never used.  Maybe I will get farther next time.

r684
Modify function to extract the contents of a brace from tables.c and put
it in util.c because it is a handy little function.  Use in in xref.c to
simplify some code.

r685
Make getStringBraceParam() work properly with \{ and \}

r686
modify testfile so that it does not create unnecessary warnings.

r687
fix problem with multicolumn in the last line of a table

r688
Fix equation numbering in reports and books so that equations use (2.3)
format as appropriate.  Reset numbering at each chapter break.

r689
renaming files so that plurals are used more consistently

r690
More plurals for file names

r691
rename encode_tables.h to encoding_tables.h update dependencies in the
Makefile

r692
New option -t # that allows the user to have tabular environments
generated as bitmaps. Basically -t 1 is the default and generates RTF
only.  -t 2 will convert tabular environments to bitmaps, -t 3 will
generate both in the RTF document.

r693
WH: in counters.c corrected "util.h" -> "utils.h"

r694
WH: corrected latex2pn.bat to allow repeated call for reducing picture
size

r695
Do not scale tables that are inserted as bitmaps.  Modify tabular.tex so
that it typesets more nicely with latex.  Thanks Wilfried!

r696
Support tabbing environments as bitmaps.  Add a minimal documentation in
help message.

r697
Refactoring code.  Move WriteLatexAsBitmap() to graphics.c.  Create new
routines PrepareDisplayedBitmap() and FinishDisplayedBitmap() to
simplify to localize paragraph starting and stopping.

r698
Once again, try to use ghostscript for pdf->png conversion.  Last time
the command needed to be changed because it failed on Windows system.
Now, under unix, use ghostscript conversion.  Under everything else
continue to use ImageMagick.  Hopefully, this will make everyone happy.
Or at least happier.

r699
Quote filenames passed to system() in pdf_to_png

r700
Single quote all filenames passed to shell via system().  Adam Maxwell++

r701
Convert 'filename' to "filename" in system commands because Windows
treats single quotes differently than UNIX.  Also, fix up the lengths of
the command strings.  This needs revisiting.

r702
Collect most of the code for creating command-line graphics conversion
into a single routine SysGraphicsCommand().  This routine is both
simpler and more robust than the code used in many other places in the
code.

r703
hack to resolve doublespace environment problem

r704
fix for image scaling when the width is specified, but the height is
not.  Adam Maxwell++

r705
implement rounding properly ... what was I thinking?

r706
add yet another test image file.  Maxwell++

r707
WH: added pdf2pnga scripts, called in graphics.c

r708
supply rint() as a substitute for round() because windows does not have
round() defined in its math.h header.

r709
Collecting all the system dependent graphics conversion stuff into one
place.  This eliminates a lot of code duplication and makes it clearer
that all conversions are handled in a uniform fashion (i.e., -D -T and
-P command line flags).  Right now there are two basic sets of calls ...
one for UNIX and one for XP.  (There is one minor sub-branch in the UNIX
versions that uses native pdf handling on Apple systems.)

Scaling on apple systems looks messed up ... sigh

r710
WH: (DOS version) in graphics.c, removed quotes from calls to
latex2pn.bat and pdf2pnga.bat

r711
WH: (DOS version) in graphics.c, now calling bash instead of
command.com, so that quotes in calls to latex2png are supported

r712
WH: in graphics.c, calling pdf2pnga script instead of sips (Apple) or gs
(otherwise) Added Apple specific script pdf2pnga_apple (calling sips)

r713
Changes to pdf2pnga to make things work at least under OS X.  This
probably breaks the XP stuff, and is only intended to start the process
of coming up with script that will run properly cross-platform.

r714
refactoring the horrible horrible getSection().  In the process
misc4.tex and linux.tex no longer translate properly.  More fixes
coming.  This version will spew a whole bunch of diagnostic information.
Wait for a later version before downloading.

r715
Fixing remaining bugs from the refactoring of getSection().  Things
should make a bit more sense.  Files other than parser.c have ignorable
tweaks.

r716
Clean separation of unix and windows graphics conversion.  Filenames are
now single-quoted in unix as they should be.  Windows gets double
quotes.  Use sips by default on apple systems.  Windows uses the script
pdf2pnga for conversions.  I think that this should provide maximum
functionality to all platforms.

r717
Move getSection() out of parser.c and into preparse.c

r718
Actually add the files to svn this time.  Rename getSection() to
preParse()

r719
WH: latex2pnga script tests availability of Ghostscript or sips and
issues system dependent call; unneeded scripts deleted

r720
WH: Makefile: script latex2pn.bat removed, pdf2pnga added

r721
WH: equations.c: one comment changed graphics.c: comments about pdf2png
moved into function SysGraphicsConvert, command for debugging
(non-)insertion of bitmap into rtf file inserted (marked with "/* WH
*/")

r722
Fix problem with bitmapped equations not appearing when -M12 option is
used.

r723
Make equation conversion to bitmap less noisy.

r724
If SysGraphicsConvert() returns null, then make sure that the return
value is handled properly.  Catch a few cases when strings are not freed
properly.

r725
WH: main.c: help text corrected

r726
WH: parser.c: Added exit to catch extra blank in \begin{document}
Actually, it doesn't solve the problem that such extra blanks are
allowed but at least it exits the progrm with a helpful error message.

r727
fix for '\begin {document}' parse error.  This solution has not been
applied to any other \begin .. \end environments.

r728
remove debugging \end{document} from misc4.tex

r729
Fix numbering of chapters in the appendix ... not perfect, but the latex
default should work.

r731
ChangeLog for release.  Update the version number.  Edit comments in 
graphics.c

r732
WH: fixed some minor bugs in test files (./test/*.tex)

r733
reformat and add a few missing test files

r734
Fix typo

r735
fix more typos in Makefile

r736
bump version.h for release 1.9.18